introduce eslint-plugin-eds package with no-p and no-h tag rules (#42)
chanzuckerberg/frontend-libs: packages/eslint-plugin-eds/README.md

# @chanzuckerberg/eslint-plugin-eds

> Shared React [ESLint](https://eslint.org/) plugin and config for CZI's Education initiative.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Shared React [ESLint](https://eslint.org/) plugin and config for CZI's Education Design System.
```

Author: Oops didn't catch these when I copy pasta'd the readme, thanks!

## Prerequisites

1. [EDS](https://github.com/chanzuckerberg/edu-design-system) is in use
2. [Install ESLint](https://eslint.org/docs/latest/user-guide/getting-started#installation-and-usage)
3. Run ESLint on CI (e.g. `npx eslint .`)
4. Consider running ESLint [in your editor(s)](https://eslint.org/docs/latest/user-guide/integrations).

## Installation

Install by running

```sh
yarn add --dev @chanzuckerberg/eslint-plugin-eds
```

## Usage

Add this package as a plugin in your [eslint configuration file](https://eslint.org/docs/latest/user-guide/configuring/configuration-files).

```jsonc
// .eslintrc.json
{

>   "plugins": ["@chanzuckerberg/edu-react"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  "plugins": ["@chanzuckerberg/eds"]
```

Author: Changed, thanks!
